Links fixes/issue 421 (#431)
handsontable/hyperformula: CONTRIBUTING.md

Adding a new function will be a huge help for the library growth and
should not be too problematic for the first issue. Extending the
library of translations is also a good task to start with.
[Here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UUskn4ZDDjLGSpO6kg73DOvabNoeqLbkJYyVfLyYlYw)
you can find a list of functions' translations.

> Visit [building](https://handsontable.github.io/hyperformula/guide/building.htm) and [testing](https://handsontable.github.io/hyperformula/guide/testing.html) sections to

Reviewer: Awesome! But we should use a redirect, so the links will stay correct after we move the docs to our server
```suggestion
Visit [building]( https://handsontable.com/docs/hyperformula/guide/building.htm) and [testing]( https://handsontable.com/docs/hyperformula/guide/testing.html) sections to
```
